Update UniswapV2 DEX tutorial to ink!4.0 (#310)
AstarNetwork/astar-docs: docs/build/wasm/from-zero-to-ink-hero/dex/Factory/getters.md

    pub pair_contract_code_hash: Hash,
```

> OpenBrush uses a specified storage key instead of the default one in the attribute [openbrush::upgradeable_storage](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/main/lang/macro/src/lib.rs#L447). It implements all [required traits](https://docs.openbrush.io/smart-contracts/upgradeable#suggestions-on-how-follow-the-rules) with the specified storage key (storage key is a required input argument of the macro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenBrush uses a specified storage key instead of the default one in the attribute [openbrush::upgradeable_storage](https://github.com/727-Ventures/openbrush-contracts/blob/35aae841cd13ca4e4bc6d63be96dc27040c34064/lang/macro/src/lib.rs#L466). It implements all [required traits](https://docs.openbrush.io/smart-contracts/upgradeable#suggestions-on-how-follow-the-rules) with the specified storage key (storage key is a required input argument of the macro).
```

> Openbrush uses a specified storage key instead of the default one in the attribute [openbrush::upgradeable_storage](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/main/lang/macro/src/lib.rs#L447). It implements all [required traits](https://docs.openbrush.io/smart-contracts/upgradeable#suggestions-on-how-follow-the-rules) with the specified storage key (storage key is a required input argument of the macro).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenBrush uses a specified storage key instead of the default one in the attribute [openbrush::upgradeable_storage](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/main/lang/macro/src/lib.rs#L447). It implements all [required traits](https://docs.openbrush.io/smart-contracts/upgradeable#suggestions-on-how-follow-the-rules) with the specified storage key (storage key is a required input argument of the macro).
```

edition = "2021"

[dependencies]
ink = { version = "4.0.0", default-features = false}

scale = { package = "parity-scale-codec", version = "3", default-features = false, features = ["derive"] }
scale-info = { version = "2.3", default-features = false, features = ["derive"], optional = true }

openbrush = { git = "https://github.com/727-Ventures/openbrush-contracts", version = "3.0.0", default-features = false }
uniswap_v2 = { path = "../../logics", default-features = false }

> [lib]

Reviewer: remove `name =`
